Okay
ohh
From the Lord of the Rings?
ooo
ohh
So Hobbit the movie wasn't written by Tolkien?
ohh Okay, but what was the name of the book? oh
Never heard of it.
ohh
mm
oh haahaa
Yeah, yeah yeah
yeah haahaa
Currently got older. haahaa
Naria is releasing another one, right?
Yeah, four
I don't know.
haahaa
yeah
. Caspian!
No, that's second. Okay.
Third one was new door or something.
Oh, okay.
Because they grew up, I mean, they cannot use the same actors.
haahaa
The little ones. The little one. The girl. The youngest one.
ah
(***)
Who was cousin?
ohhh
Okay.
mm
haahaa
(***) Japanese first (***)
do you Ask them to read Japanese books?
Oh
Do you introduce some books?
written by Japanese yeah
(***) oh
yeah yeah
haahaa
yeah
Number three.
haahaa
Is that Will Zahar, grumpy old man?
Yeah, that moves me.
haahaa
Inspirational
Oh, may be  crying?
Oh, hurry up!